# AR-Labyrinth

AR-Labyrinth was a project for the Fall 2016 5C Hackathon which won first place in the advanced division. A video demo of the game may be found [here](https://youtu.be/P58ffI9cnCg).

AR Labyrinth is a modern take on the classic game Labyrinth. Users can draw their own maze and then scan it into the game. To provide a tactile input similar to the original game, the player can hold the physical map under a webcam and tilt it to control the virtual ball. AR Labyrinth uses OpenCV's feature detection to compute homographies that track the tilt of the map in the webcam stream, and Panda3D as a 3D physics engine to generate user created maps and run the game.

## Play the Game

Two different versions of Python are required to play this game: Python 2 and PPython. PPython can be installed from the Panda3D [website](https://www.panda3d.org/download.php). In addition, OpenCV will need to be installed in Python 2.

Start by running the following command.

```bash
python2 scan_maze.py
```

A live webcam feed will show up in a new window. Position the map so it is on the screen and press `c` to capture a still frame of the map. Crop the image so that the map fills up the entire window. The live webcam feed will then return.

Then, run the following command.

```bash
ppython run_game.py
```

A new window will show up containing the maze generated by the map. Tilting the map results in the virtual ball moving around the virtual labyrinth.

***

AR-Labyrinth was created by Jacky Lee, Cole Kurashige, and Owen Gillespie
